Docs: Add more questions to flag FAQ (#10159)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/common-questions.mdx

Behavioral cohorts are dynamic cohorts created using the options under the "behavioral" subheading.
</Caption>

> We don't support using them with feature flags because querying them is relatively slow. Feature flags require fast evaluation and these queries would significantly impact the evaluation speed of the entire service. 

Reviewer: This is something the flags team is going to build this quarter, so I can't wait to update these docs :)

    classes="rounded"
/>

> Another option is to set a person property on the event and then target that property. For example, you can set a person property on a `signed up` event and then target the `business_industry` property with the feature flag.

Reviewer 2: Are they "person properties on events" or is just "event properties?" Not rhetorical, actually asking!

Reviewer: We differentiate between `person properties` and `group properties`, so in this case I think he's trying to make it clear that we will enrich these events with person properties.

Reviewer 2: ah ha, thank you!

```js
posthog.capture(
  'signed up',
  {
    $set: { business_industry: 'finance'  },
  }
)
```

If you plan to call the flag immediately after the event, you will likely need to [set the property for the flag manually](/docs/libraries/js#overriding-server-properties) with `setPersonPropertiesForFlags()`.

```js
posthog.setPersonPropertiesForFlags({
  business_industry: 'finance'
})
```

## Why do I see multiple feature flag calls when I only expect one?

> This is likely because the `onFeatureFlags()` callback is invoked every time feature flags are reloaded. This happens by default whenever person properties change, you call `reloadFeatureFlags()`, or other flag reload triggers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is likely because the `onFeatureFlags()` callback is invoked every time feature flags are reloaded. This happens by default when person properties change, when you call `reloadFeatureFlags()`, or when other flag-reloading triggers happen.
```

I struggled to parse the commas, but that might have made me mangle it more.
